I want to give you an outline of my chapter structure and the intent that I hope to achieve by each chapter and the overall intent of my project. The overall goal of the book is to bring the reader into the story allowing them to feel that the information provided brings them into very clear understandable realizations of the eternal aspect of their consciousness. I want to be able to guide the reader into awareness first of their awareness. I want the reader to also be guided into the strangeness of existence and everyday reality. Like when your in a dream and all of a sudden become awake within the dream and realize your body is lying in bed yet your consciousness is exploring other distant worlds of reality. Chapter 1 is suppose to be designed to bring the initial question of why we are here? What amI? Who am I? What is existence? Why is existence? All into their scope of awareness. I believe that by first forming these questions and then having a strong motivation, desire, need to answer these questions , someone will then bring themselves into the ability to learn the answers. You cant have an answer without a question. But in order to get the answer once the question is a burning desire to be answered one has to create the right conditions for understanding to be understood. Like learning elementary math before moving to advance quantum mechanics. So I want to first create the urge inside the reader to want to know the answers to these questions that I plant into their minds. That is another function of chapter 1, I am using it to insert into their consciousness that there are first these questions and then that they could be answered. Also chapter 1 should be able to very clearly paint the desired result even if it doesnt contain all the solutions to reach the result. Like knowing that a math problem can and should be solved and that it is currently unsolved. Before you can solve it though you have to learn the variables and how the effect the end solution to the problem. So after chapter 1 opens the question of existence and what it is I then move to chapter 2 and want to use that as an opportunity to bring the reader into awareness of how they interact with existence in this manifested world we are currently in. That is by assuming a body, or mask, persona, and then moving through the world of appearances, learning and experiencing phenomena. I want chapter 2 to be able to both discriptively direct one to understand the concept of taking on infinite roles as well as start to feel that they are possibly more than the person they believe themselves to be. Only when they can start to see the mask they wear and understand that we all wear them can they then decide that maybe they want to see what is underneath the mask. Chapter 2 should paint a good picture of charactor dramas that we take on like. Chapter 3 is where I want to really allow the reader to start understanding that they have the ability to know these answers by allowing themselves to flow with the movement of creation. becoming aware of synchronicity and how when your understanding is clear enough to advance to the next level of understanding it will naturally if you allow it too. Of course you also have to be somewhat aware of what your looking for. Like searching for gold in a stream. Panners look for the color in their pans and then know that their must be a gold streak here. Also knowing the conditions and what needs to be done for further understanding to develop into true knowledge. Once you find the gold streak you dont just find gold, if you have the previous knowledge of golds weight and the weight of other minerals you will know that gold settles underneath most of the visible stream. It will only be found once the lighter particles have been removed and then there are other signs that you are close like finding Iron and other heavy minerals around. So Chapter 3 should be a system of introducing the reader to the process that allows for understanding and higher wisdom to be found within themselves. I want to teach the reader how to see the movement of synchronicity and how it can be used to bring any answer to any question, not just lifes deepest mysteries but anything we desire to know if we look for the signs synchronicity will bring the methods by which the answer can be found if not just directly handing one the proposed answer. So chapter 1 forms the question and the want to answer it, chapter 2 proposes how we interact with the world and how we come to know things, Chapter 3 teaches how we can manipulate our envirnment around us to bring us those answers. Chapter 4 introduces into the awareness our biggest barriers into finding the answers which is ultimately our own minds and the constant attention the world demands of us. Its like trying to do homework but your friends want you to go out and play or when your trying to concentrate on something but a noise keeps distracting you. Becoming aware that these things will never cease is one purpose of chapter 4 and another is that they can be obsticals that can be overcome by proper understanding of how they are inhibiting you from your goals. Introducing concepts of consciousness and how awareness takes in the world, How the mind percieves phenomena, and then pointing to the realization that you dont have to do any of that in order to still exist and be aware. That it is actually our choice to where we direct our desire which in turn will bring those things into our attention. So by teaching the reader about resonance and how to want different things they can manifest ways for those things to be brought into their field of awareness instead of the constant things we stimulate ourselves with. I really want to bring the reader to the awareness here that we are literally consuming experience with our every moment of attention. So what do we really want to consume our attention with? Once they understand that they can redirect there desires to align with bringing things into their awareness that they can consume that will deliver them the results or answers they want . Wer can help direct our experiences by changing our intentions and wants. Chapter 5 I want to give the reader a real immersive experience into their existence without the need to consume random stimulus but to offer them a way into experiencing the lack of desire. Desire leeds to suffering as the buddha taught because we are constantly trying to forfull those desires, when one has the experience of existing free from wants free from desire they encounter real peace and understanding of their true being. Thats where the realize they arent really this angry person because things never go their way or this sad person because the one the love doesnt love them, They see the suffering behind the want to change there role and their consumption of phenomenal experience. Once they taste a non desiring state of being they understand that it was all a joke. All of life. So chapter 5 needs to be able to guide the reader into that experience. Im not fully sure of how to bring them their except by giving them the directions. Its like you cant know what the view is from the top of a certain mountain is until you yourself are standing there and only once you are standing there can you actually see what was there that was described by someone who has been there before. I have been there and I am trying to describe the mountain view and the path that leads to the top so that the reader can view it for themselves. I have found that there is a series of things that usually need to happen to arrive at the top of the mountain. Those things are first awareness of different states of consciousness. The subtle idea that we might not be our bodies, That an out of body experience is posiible. Then a roadmap with scenic markers to let someone know they are in fact leaving there body. Stillness is the pre equisite that allows for one to witness the markers that let them know where they are on the path towards the top of the mountain. Teaching the reader about breath and how are attention disrupts it is a big mile marker to get pass and most people dont ever find out how to bypass this obsticale. But I have found a trick and that is to move awareness from breath to vision. I just watch the picture show my mind produces when my eyes are closed and that allows enough time for my body to slip into perfect stillness, it allows for my breath to regain its natural rythym and then I start to become aware of the idea that these things are actually happening and I can stay aware while my body is still and be aware of breath without altering it and then awareness moves to the next things that grab our attenetion, like subltle energies rising in our bodies and the increase of imagary through R.E.M . It isnt instant but if you dont fall asleep and can stay awake while your body falls asleep you will hit transcendence. And then all bodily sensations fall away. your consciousness is no longer processing sensory input from the body and because of this your awareness isnt limited to just bodily sensory input. Your consciousness is now everywhere, not reading bodily input, and so your awareness is now everywhere, Or expanded beyond the physical senses of the body. You stepped outside of the vehichle that your body is and are now walking freely without any dimensional form around you. your body has shape and form so when your awareness is inside your body your awareness is of that dimension of form. When you step outside of your body you find yourself in unrestricted boundless space. Formless existence. Unlimited experience. This is cosmic consciousness. Every time You want to process a thought or idea that your cosmic experience is having you literally have to re enter your physical body to process the information that can only be processed by our "mind" which is what labels all experiences. After the labeling if you stop conceptual thought and you are still perfectly still without any movement your awareness cab return to the experience outside your body again. So this is what I want to do with the first 5 chapters is lead the reader through all the necessary experiences in their own self awareness and understanding in which to bring them ultimately to their own experience of learning how to step outside of their body and experience their true being. I then use chapter 6 to bring them back into the over stimulated world where they can reflect on their experience and then share it with others. Chapter 7 is the closing and it sums up the 6 previous chapters journey and points to another realization and that is that we are all the same and are eternal cosmic forms of consciousness riding in bodys, personas, wearing masks. I want chapter 7 to suggest that for just one moment everyone knows this. And thats why everyone bows. Because ultimately we all do come to experience this at some time or another during our eternal experience more than once.